type information of SMBDirEntryInformation.last_write_time set to datetime (#280)
jborean93/smbprotocol: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.14.0 - TBD

* Dropped support for Python 3.7

> * fixed type annotation of `SMBDirEntryInformation.last_write_time` (`datetime.datetime`) (issue #279)

Reviewer: Very minor comment

I see that other release notes have the full link

```suggestion
* `SMBDirEntryInformation.last_write_time` is now annotated as `datetime.datetime`. Previously, it was `datetime.date`.  https://github.com/jborean93/smbprotocol/issues/279
```
